<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
	<p:panel header="About me" style="height:100%;">

		<p:panelGrid columns="2">

			<p:panel>
				<p>I am Vyjayanthi Iyer, a model, actress, dancer and
					choreographer from Mumbai, India. I have been a resident of
					Amsterdam for 10 years, and enjoyed every bit of the multicultural,
					vibrant, free-spirited life it offers. I have also worked as a
					Customer Relationship management professional for over 10 years and
					experienced rich interactions with people from different cultures
					and countries.</p>

				<p>I have been always passionate about teaching dance. My
					passion for teaching dance grew when I saw people absolutely love
					to do Bollywood dance. Bollywood dance has a combination of
					classical, semi classical, western dance moves which are getting
					popular within the Bollywood numbers . I started my Bollywood dance
					school called NAVRAS- 9 emotions 6 years ago. In the last 6 years,
					my passion for dance has expanded into conducting workshops for
					smaller and bigger groups and companies, fitness classes
					(Bollywzumba) and for special occasions like bachelor parties etc</p>

				<p>Bollywood dancing is lively, it is fun, exciting and the one
					thing I have never failed to notice is the smile it brings to the
					faces of people who participate in my workshops. I look forward to
					taking this endeavour further to exchanging knowledge about Indian
					culture and take Bollywood dance moves to more people in the
					Netherlands and beyond.</p>

				<p>You can contact me by sending an email to
					bollywooddance2010@gmail.com</p>
				<p>Navras – VAT number – NL263226372B01, KVK – 51704307</p>
			</p:panel>


			<p:panel>
				<p:graphicImage url="./images/11111-949x1024.jpg"
					alt="Image Description for #{image}" title="#{image}"
					style="height:350px; width:300px;" />
			</p:panel>

		</p:panelGrid>


	</p:panel>
</ui:composition>