<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">



	<p:panel>
		<p:accordionPanel>
			<p:tab title="What is Bollywood dancing?">
				<p:panel>
			Bollywood is the informal term popularly used for Hindi language film industry based in Mumbai (formerly known as Bombay)
Bollywood dancing is a commercial name for modern Indian dancing. It’s a combination of classical Indian dance (which is the base), folk dancing such as Bhangra and sometimes has a Latino and Arabic influence. It’s fun and very expressive and there’s a lot of deep meaning behind music in the films. You can actually express what the music means, through the graceful movements of the body.
			</p:panel>
			</p:tab>
			<p:tab title="Can anyone join the Bollywood dance class?">
				<p:panel>
			Yes, Bollywood dance is for all age group. You don’t need any dance experience to take a bollywood dance class.
I have students from the age of 5 to 65 years at this moment. Bollywood dance is fun and enjoyed by every age group.
			</p:panel>
			</p:tab>
			<p:tab title="Can I or my kid try out a class first?">
				<p:panel>
			Yes,  you can come for a try out class. The try out class is with discounted price : Kid –  € 5 and Adult- € 8.
			</p:panel>
			</p:tab>
			<p:tab
				title="Is it possible for me or my child to come watch a class?">
				<p:panel>
			Yes, it is possible to come and watch a class. However it is advisable to watch the class for 15mins only to avoid any distraction to the other students in the class.
			</p:panel>
			</p:tab>
			<p:tab title="How do I sign up for the classes?">
				<p:panel>
			For Signing up :
Click on the Workshop tab on the main page.
Regular class at present is on Sunday evenings, click on the date when you want to join the class.
It will take you to the sign up page, click on the space(s) you want to block.
Enter your email id and contact detail for signing up.
Click on send booking.
 
			</p:panel>
			</p:tab>
			<p:tab title="How do I pay for the class?">
				<p:panel>
			You can pay via bank tranfer to ABN Bank account number 53.50.54.572 (vyjayanthi Iyer) IBAN: NL93ABNA0535054572   BIC: ABNANL2A
When you make the bank transfer,please do not forget to mention your name and the date when the Bollywood dance lesson starts. Payment should be made on or before the last date mentioned with the course details when the course date is announced.
			</p:panel>
			</p:tab>
			<p:tab title="What should I wear?">
				<p:panel>
			Any attire which is comfortable that will not restrict the dance movements. You can wear t-shirts, skirts, comfortable pants, Indian clothes, gym clothes etc
Inorder to protect the dance floor at the studio no street shoes are allowed. You can wear your dance sneakers or dance bare foot. Most students prefer dancing bare foot.
			</p:panel>
			</p:tab>
			<p:tab
				title="What is the difference between your Dance class and Workshop?">
				<p:panel>
			A Class meets on a regular basis, for instance once a week  i.e every Sundays in my case.
While  Workshop  is a one-time event with a special request. For example I give dance workshop for companies who want to motivate their employees, i have given many workshop for bachelorette parties and special workshop request to impress friends, family, spouse, partner.
			</p:panel>
			</p:tab>
			<p:tab title="What is the price of the course?">
				<p:panel>
			Every quarter I give 10 weeks course. The course fee is  €150, inclusive of 21% VAT .The 10th class is the performance show. Students can invite their family and friends to watch the show.
 
			</p:panel>
			</p:tab>
			<p:tab title="When and where are classes held?">
				<p:panel>
			Classes are held every Sundays – 2 batches 18:00 to 19:00 hrs and 19:00 to 20:00 hrs.
You will get the studio address and other details as soon as you signup for the course. The Studio is centrally located in Amsterdam.
			</p:panel>
			</p:tab>
		</p:accordionPanel>
	</p:panel>
</ui:composition>